---
layout: post.njk
permalink: posts/2024-12-12.html
title: "Thoughts on the end of my first PhD semester"
date: 2024-11-12
tags:
    - update
    - PhD
---
This week, I wrapped up my final few classes (and final projects) for the first semester of my PhD program. How do I feel afterward? Tired, very tired. 

I took the opportunity to do some fun things last night: visited friends in Ypsilanti, saw an IMAX re-screening of [*The Green Knight*](https://letterboxd.com/film/the-green-knight/), got caught in a snowstorm during my drive home (thankfully pulled over at a gas station to let the worst of it pass before continuing my journey), went to bed early to make up for all the stress.

It's so easy to de-prioritize "fun" during the semester, isn't it? Then suddenly you're joking around with friends at the Steak & Shake about whether *Kraven the Hunter* will be any good or not, whether NFL MVP's going to Josh Allen or Lamar Jackson this year, and your brain feels a little less sluggish than it's been recently. 

What will I be up to between this semester and the next? Partially Christmas-time travel, partially last-minute gift-buying. Hopefully I will relax, visit the new queer bar downtown with friends more often, finally (finally!) deploy that website update, maybe start *Metaphor: ReFantazio* or keep playing *Caves of Qud.* My biggest priority is to just sleep more, too little sleep for me as of late. I wonder what next semester will bring?

---

A note: the code for my website redesign is 99% finished; I am confident that I can deploy it by late December/early January. *Will* I deploy it by late December/early January? We will see. 
